How they work
As we now know they're based on the process of natural selection, this means they take the fundamental properties of natural 
selection and apply them to whatever problem it is we're trying to solve.

The basic process for a genetic algorithm is:
Initialization - Create an initial population. This population is usually randomly generated and can be any desired size, from 
only a few individuals to thousands.

Evaluation - Each member of the population is then evaluated and we calculate a 'fitness' for that individual. The fitness 
value is calculated by how well it fits with our desired requirements. These requirements could be simple, 'faster algorithms 
are better', or more complex, 'stronger materials are better but they shouldn't be too heavy'.

Selection - We want to be constantly improving our populations overall fitness. Selection helps us to do this by discarding 
the bad designs and only keeping the best individuals in the population.  There are a few different selection methods but the 
basic idea is the same, make it more likely that fitter individuals will be selected for our next generation.

Crossover - During crossover we create new individuals by combining aspects of our selected individuals. We can think of this 
as mimicking how sex works in nature. The hope is that by combining certain traits from two or more individuals we will create 
an even 'fitter' offspring which will inherit the best traits from each of it's parents.

Mutation - We need to add a little bit randomness into our populations' genetics otherwise every combination of solutions we 
can create would be in our initial population. Mutation typically works by making very small changes at random to an 
individuals genome.

And repeat! - Now we have our next generation we can start again from step two until we reach a termination condition.





Termination
There are a few reasons why you would want to terminate your genetic algorithm from continuing it's search for a solution. The 
most likely reason is that your algorithm has found a solution which is good enough and meets a predefined minimum criteria. 
Offer reasons for terminating could be constraints such as time or money.
